Rewrite debugger landing page (#130)
mulesoft/docs-studio: modules/ROOT/pages/visual-debugger-concept.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Anypoint Studio Visual Debugger allows you to run your application from Studio in Debug mode, and to

Reviewer: GLOBALLY use "enables" with "you":
```suggestion
Anypoint Studio Visual Debugger enables you to run your application from Studio in Debug mode, and to
```
What come next? Sentence ends in the middle?

> The Visual Debugger works with Enterprise Edition runtimes and does not connect to Community Edition runtimes.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY remove "the" before a proper noun if not followed by a common noun:
```suggestion
Visual Debugger works with Enterprise Edition runtimes and does not connect to Community Edition runtimes.
```
Note that I have a question out to PMM about the edition names, which do not appear in the Product Tiering & Hierarchy term list maintained by that group...and so they are not in our style ref or term list, either.

> You can configure breakpoints to stop the execution of your application at a specific message processor. Using the Mule Debugger View, you can inspect the content of the message as it exists at that point in the flow, and evaluate a Dataweave expression against the captured event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform debugging, you can configure breakpoints to stop the execution of your application at a specific message processor. Then, using the *Mule Debugger* view, you can inspect the content of the message as it exists at that point in the flow, and evaluate a DataWeave expression against the captured event.
```
Has the audience been prepared to know which event is "the captured event" or that it is what stimulates the need to use Visual Debugger? Do we need more text that introduces the debugger and how it is unique or advanced in letting you see what you are doing, providing a view?

> When you run your application in debug mode for the first time, Aynpoint Studio prompts you to load the Mule Debugger Perspective.

Reviewer: GLOBAL re. article "the" with all these capitalized names.
Are they capitalized because they are actual proprietary features, or because they are UI labels?
If labels, use bold.
```suggestion
When you run your application in debug mode for the first time, Anypoint Studio prompts you to load Mule Debugger Perspective.
```

> The debugger perspective is composed by a list of preconfigured views that help you debug your application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The debugger perspective consists of a list of preconfigured views that help you debug your application:
```

> 

Reviewer: Again, please confirm that these are proper nouns and require this capitalization, or format them to reflect the UI labels, in bold.
Is "View" actually part of the name? If not, omit or lowercase.

* Mule Debugger View

> * Evaluate DataWeave Expressions View.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Evaluate DataWeave Expressions View
```

* Mule Breakpoints View

> == Debug your Project in Studio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Debug Your Project in Studio
```

Reviewer: This one task is the solitary subtopic for Studio Visual Debugger?
I'm guessing that we might be able to expand this by following the title with a brief description of what the debugger is, when you might need to use it, maybe its advantages over traditional debugging tools, and then the task? 
Note also that you really have three tasks here (not sure about the best order):
Configure Visual Debugger (changing default listening points)
Debug in Studio
Run in Debug Mode

> When debugging on your local machine, the debugger listens for incoming TCP connections on `localhost` and port `6666`. You can modify this configuration in by clicking *Run* > *Debug configurations* and selecting the *Debug* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When debugging on your local machine, the debugger listens for incoming TCP connections on `localhost` and port `6666`. You can modify this configuration in by clicking *Run* > *Debug configurations* and selecting the *Debug* tab.
```
Is debugging on your local machine different from...other debugging?
Is it still debugging "in Studio," on your local machine?
Would you ever debug elsewhere?

To debug your application in Studio:

> . Right-click your project in the Package Explorer view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Right-click your project in the *Package Explorer* view.
```

. Select *Debug As* > *Mule Application*. +

> Studio asks you for permission to switch to the Debug Perspective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Studio asks you for permission to switch to Debug Perspective.
```

. Click *Yes*.

> Additionally you can run your application in debug mode by right clicking in the canvas and selecting *Debug Project*, or by clicking the Debug button on your top toolbar image:to-run-debug-mode-e7b7b.png[debug-button]

Reviewer: Is this a process that you run in addition to using Visual Debugger in Studio, or as an alternative to that?
Why would the audience want to use one over the other, or the two together.

Note that this is a "hidden topic," steps in the narrative, that we would want to make more visible by formatting as a task on its own or maybe as followup steps like...:

4. To additionally run your application in debug mode, either:
    * Right-click...
    * Click the *Debug* button...

Reviewer: Copyedit as-is:
```suggestion
Additionally, you can run your application in debug mode by right-clicking in the canvas and selecting *Debug Project*, or by clicking the *Debug* button on your top toolbar image:to-run-debug-mode-e7b7b.png[debug-button].
```
